[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When I left Egypt, I was
supposed to do the whole path
of the dragon following
the geographical path,
which starts in Norway
coming down through Ukraine
and starting with the head
of the snake in Turkey.
From there I would go to
Armenia, Iran, Pakistan,
up till Siberia, to Alaska,
Utah, Central America,
then to South America.
But when I was ready to do
that many other things happened
that changed completely
the shape of the dragon
because some countries
wouldn't allow me to get in.
And so I was kind of
worried about what am I
supposed to do because
this part of the dragon
is something that since 2017 was
telling me you have to do it,
you have to accomplish it.
And I had no clue what
they were referring to.
Suddenly I remember
something that
was told to me the
first day that all
my path around the
planet started,
which was February 7 in 2012.
I was in Montserrat,
Spain in this mountain.
And in the middle of the
night with a full moon,
this Merlin appeared.
It was the first time I
felt him in my entire life.
And he said, "Here you are
in front of the dragon you
have to face."
And the mountain has
this shape of a dragon
with an eye in the center.
He said, "You have to think.
If you are going to
face the dragon or you
are going to go
through the dragon."
This dragon has these two
eyes, one in the north;
the other one in the south.
And these two eyes
of the dragon are
connected by all the
body of the dragon
throughout the
icosahedron of the planet
and the spines of the mountains.
So every country
throughout the dragon
represents a special
spot of emotions
that must be realigned
because they are separated
or countries that are against
each other in conflicts.
So he said, "The
only way you can
help Earth is if you
are there to face and go
through the dragons within."
During the path of
the I AM in Egypt,
I had to go through many
different processes alone.
And the last month in July, I
got into a very deep depression
during the month of cancer.
It was like a very
deep process that I
had to go to clean up
many of my inner things,
and also I was like
I'm alone in all this.
And suddenly, everything,
the astrology,
and the guides
everyone were telling
the next step will be together.
You need someone
else to accompany
you to activate every one of
the chakras, mostly the heart.
So because the eyes
of the dragon are two,
and in order to see within,
you need to see other.
You cannot see only yourself.
This part for you,
for yourself needs
to be done with someone aside.
I had no clue how it
was supposed to be.
But I knew that it would be
the first week of August,
which is the end
of the I AM path
and the beginning of the dragon.
Thiago came to one of the
trips that I was doing.
And suddenly, it was like if
we met from the whole life.
It got so normal that
we had to be together
to do this, not only by me, but
the perception of the people
around, it's never
been like that before,
like you are supposed
to do this together.
So during my birthday when
I was inside the pyramid
and they gave me as a
gift this septarian stone,
the eyes of the dragon,
someone gave one to him
too like the same one
saying, "You are the eyes.
And if you expand love through
your heart with these stones,
will be spread everywhere
so the eyes of the dragon
can be balanced."
So that's why we decided
to do all these other six
months together.
I don't usually think
much about the places
where I'm going because I
learned through all this time
that the best way to connect
is not to expect anything
in any place.
Otherwise, you're trying
to control everything
and you are not
going to be surprised
by the signals in those spots.
So I am open to
anything, but I knew
that I had to start
in San Andreas Fault.
It's like unstable
territory of many energies
that move with fear
and transformation.
So I had to start
there because we
needed to start in a place
that moves our ground.
So California is the
first spot that we
went to but through
national parks that
represent the process.
So the first process was
to go to Yosemite Park
because I needed to have
the data of the place,
of all the territory.
And there you have the oldest
trees in North America.
So you have the
information of everything
that happened in the last era.
So just walking by the
trees and feeling the trees,
it was like an
invitation for me to say,
I am here to do this work.
So it was like a presentation
before going to the mountains.
Then it was just going through
the Death Valley to face death
and to just be nowhere.
Then, even if it seems like
it doesn't make any sense,
we had to go through
Las Vegas, which
is one of the deepest
and lowest energies
in the whole continent.
So we had to face
these energies.
And of course, to connect
the soul, the spirit,
and the body in
Sedona in the portals
of Cathedral Rock, where you
could leave everything behind.
Then the Grand Canyon,
which is the memory.
You can awake the memory
through facing all the demons
that you had before.
And then go to the
Monument Valley
to stand up again in the
sacred territory which
is the Four Corners.
It's a place where once was
located the magnetic field.
And this territory
is a place of balance
in between the main mountains
that are in each state.
So being inside of
it is like being
aligned between East,
West, North, South, and all
the concepts of the universe.
After this, the high
points of Colorado.
During our path through
the Rocky Mountains,
we did a stop in Gaia.
So I did a bunch of weird stuff.
[LAUGHTER]
For me, it was really empowering
because the event in GaiaSphere
was like meeting many of the
people that were following
everything that I was doing
and the path of the dragon
and the path of
the I AM in Egypt.
So doing this alone
and being in silence,
almost disappearing from every
social media and everything
during these weeks, and
finding all these people
willing to help to hold
all what I am doing
was like very empowering
and helpful for the path.
And as I think what I say
is helpful for them, for me,
the embrace of all this energy
was helpful to keep going.
And from that moment,
they said, you
are able to go to the
egg of the dragon,
where all the information
for the potential
is there, which is Utah.
Every salt flats in the
planet is like a library.
The reason why they
are so important
is because they have the
information from the oceans
and also the information
from the high mountains.
This is because when the
tectonic plates they move,
other islands and
mountains are coming up.
And part of the
oceans get trapped
in the middle of the lands.
So when they get
dry, all the salt
rests there, like a desert.
In the Americas, we have
two big salt deserts.
One in the North America, which
is where we are in Salt Lake.
And the other one
in Bolivia, Uyuni.
So both of them represent the
memory of these two continents,
the mother in South
America and the father
of North America
12,000 years ago
this place was covered on ice,
and the magnetic North Pole
was kind of located
in these regions.
So all the memory
of 12,000 years ago
were encoded in this territory.
When everything changed in
the pattern of the trip,
I knew either way, that I had
to be here in this territory
because we needed to align
our pass down of information
through the dragon
with the North Pole.
And what we are
doing this time is
trying to heal this relationship
between South and North
Pole, the feminine
and the masculine,
trying to find this balance.
Yesterday when I
was going to sleep,
I was just letting
my mind blank.
And I started to dream about
so many things that I--
it's been a long time without
dreaming so many things.
First of all about
another planet.
And in that planet, there
were some tall beings,
like the Sirian people
that were like, "Oh, we
have to show him where
we have to land and do
something specific."
They showed me this
territory and they show
me a portal of four corners.
And they said the
4 corners should
be honoring the four directions
of ancestors of each territory.
Then a fifth one in the center
and crossing from East, West,
South, and North --
four spheres.
And I just remember that I
had other four spheres that I
was not supposed to have.
We charged these spheres
during the eclipse
of the North Pole in Egypt
with all the information
from other levels
of consciousness,
bringing all of that
inside the spheres
so they could bring the
information through the water.
So four spheres and
one in the center,
which is the one that
belongs to this territory.
So they said, "We will download
the information to that one
being hoeld by the rest."
So you just have to be there
standing, waiting for the three
portals in the sun.
So when we came here, I knew
that the light of the sun
was the opening
portal for connecting.
Usually, the sunrise
and the sunset
are the best moments to
do a connection like this
because the energy
is pure and calm.
And the photons are
not moving everywhere,
reflecting everywhere so
they are just going straight
through the territory.
And that's why it's better to
do something like this early.
So we were here before sunrise,
but I had no clue where to go,
what to do.
Here, where this water that
was reflecting everything,
it was kind of a
call to say you have
to be walking in heaven so
you can be in both sides
at the same moment.
So I start to figure
out where I have to go.
And this bird comes and
shows me exactly where I
was supposed to locate myself.
So I went straight
there, and there
was like in the shape of
the cracks of the salt,
it was like an eye.
So I said, OK, it's
this right here.
I took all the other
tools that I sometimes
use in order to help me
open the portals when
I am not knowing exactly
what to do with my hands.
So I used something external.
This tool reflects
every geometry,
the 12 colors of the rainbow,
every pattern of the network.
So opening the doors between
dimensions and concepts.
The crystal to align
my chakras so I
could be connected with
everything and align
in every emotion and everything
so I could be neutral.
So it's kind of a tool
for that to be centered.
I had these geometries, the
main 5 geometries made up
with a crystal from Mexico.
The geometrical
structures helped
me to open each
one of the portals
of the world and the reality,
which is the network and also
the main patterns or
seeds of all the creation.
So whenever they
are there, they just
multiply all the
geometry into whatever
is reflecting that shape.
So, hexahedron, tetrahedron,
icosahedron, and dodecahedron
on each corner representing
each one of the elements
to each one of the doors
of the territories.
And in the center, the seed,
which is the octahedron.
And also I understood
that I was supposed
to charge with all this
information into the crystal.
So that's why I put
everything inside the water
so they could be charged during
the opening of the portal.
So when I located
everything where
it was supposed to
be, someone said,
now position yourself
in the center.
In that moment,
the sun rises so I
could bring all the power of
light photons inside the portal
so the connection
could be faster.
When I started to connect
and all the energy
that was needed for
the portal ended--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
--and in that
moment I was already
connecting with one of those
beings that I saw in my dream
in another world.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He started to talk to me
about this main great portal,
this main door between four
continents, which is the portal
that Mu people used to use.
He told me to ask permission to
each one of the ancestors that
are in this land,
the Native Americans
not only from this continent
but mostly from this area,
to ask permission to each
one of the directions.
So they could download the
information of where they
were supposed to seed here.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So when this native spirit
said, "Now position yourself.
This is the old North Pole,
and used this information
from this pole to
connect South and North
and acknowledge that in
your cells," Thiago came up
and we understood
that we were the two
eyes that we have to
be in the opposites,
so North Pole, South Pole.
So receive the
eyes of the dragon.
They said, "Wait for
the eyes to shine."
And in the clouds there
was this eye opening
in the middle of all the
clouds, and the sun just
rises there again.
And it was reflected
in the water
and you could see like
this head of a dragon
with the two eyes
shining one on the South;
the other one in the
North and a light shining
in the center, which was
the core of the planet.
And you could see the
rays of the light going
like opening to the ground,
and in the reflection
it was closing down.
So it was the octahedraon.
And the magnetic field
of the planet, you
could see every one of
the lines connecting
like the magnetic field.
So that was the balancing for
us to be North and South as one
and not separated.
It was like a recalibration
of these energies in order
for us to balance them in the
new position of the new North.
And by doing this, we could be
opening this new information
for Moon, Sun, North, South and
connecting the network again.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
But this is something
that we just
will represent for one
day, and then the task
should be held by many
through consciousness.
So millions of people
should be aware of where
is the new North, of
how to re-establish
the new North within
ourselves, outside,
and to keep it as it is
today in going to the East
so we could balance
ourselves into this new time,
balance ourselves
into this new North.
And so opening the gates for
a new civilization in balance
with the moon; the sun,
so all the new data
can come from other
dimensions into this reality.
When I start to connect,
everything gets weird.
When I was in the shore,
this native person
tells me walk into the water.
It seems sand, but
you could sink in it.